fix: clarification, "using the OpenShift web console" (#2326)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/specifying-the-update-approval-strategy.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:navtitle: Specifying the update approval strategy
:keywords: administration guide, upgrading-che-using-operatorhub
:page-aliases: installation-guide:upgrading-che-using-operatorhub

[id="specifying-the-{prod-id-short}-operator-update-approval-strategy-using-the web-console_{context}"]
= Specifying the {prod-short} operator update approval strategy using the web console

The {prod-short} operator supports two upgrade strategies:

`Automatic`::

> New updates will be installed as soon as they become available.

Reviewer: Guidelines: 
- Avoid future tense.
- Avoid passive voice.
```suggestion
The Operator installs new updates when they become available.
```

`Manual`::

> New updates need to be manually approved before installation begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You approve the updates before the Operator installs them.
```
Guideline: Avoid passive voice.
- Usually, words like "manually" and "automatically" are red flags that a phrase doesn't identify the person or thing that performs the action. If you identify the person or thing, those words are almost always unnecessary. 
- Other red flag words: is, are, to be

Author: That's actually a copy-paste from the OpenShift 4.10 interface, therefore I will keep it.

> This section describes how to specifying the {prod-short} operator update approval strategy using the OpenShift web console.

Author: ```suggestion
You can specify the {prod-short} operator update approval strategy using the OpenShift web console.
```
